Add configuration for prompt=select_account (#111)
doorkeeper-gem/doorkeeper-openid_connect: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- [#114] Fix user_info endpoint when used in api mode

> - [#111] Add configuration callbacks `select_account_for_resource_owner` to support param prompt=select_account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#111] Add configuration callback `select_account_for_resource_owner` to support the `prompt=select_account` param
```
